React is all about components.
Now what does this mean this year.
This function here is of course a regular jobs could function but it's also a react component.
What makes up a react component a react component can be one of two things.
It can be a function which returns J as X or returns react create element calls or it can be a javascript
class that has a render method.
So this year if I changed this would all be a react component class app extends react out component
that's important.
You have to extend Ria component and then you have to add a render method and in that render method
you return J OS X.
This is a regular react component as well and if I saved as you did for C the same output as before
it works in basically the same way.
There are some technical differences which I discuss in detail in my reactor complete guide course here.
It doesn't really matter in modern react you can use functional components only so function based components
and that's therefore what we'll do in this course will write every component as a function.
It's not a must do and as I mentioned in my react The Complete Guide You'll learn about both types and
how they differ but using function components only definitely is a modern way of using react and it
is therefore the way we will use but always keep in mind that this is just a regular jobs function.
What makes it a react component is that it returns this j as X or does react create element logic in
the end here.
If we return let's say an object instead does what not be a react component and hence you get an error
if you this.
It really has to be J has X code something which can be interpreted as J as X like this here.
This is how react works and therefore here I am exporting my own component because this is treated as
a component and your own components can be used in J as X as well.
The only important thing there is that they should start with a capital character in the file where
you used them in J as X because this tells react that it's not a built in H to male tag app wouldn't
be a built in tag but that it's a custom component and this information is important to react and therefore
start with an opera case character.
But then you can use any custom component in JS X and the cool thing now is that we can build up our
application from small reusable components and compose our user interface with the help of such components
and was that why don't we do that why don't we build a simple first react application and see how things
work together there.